.TH LCOPY-REFRESH 1 "August 29, 2008"

.SH NAME
lcopy-refresh \- updates files checked out from repository of any VCS

.SH SYNOPSIS
lcopy-refresh [\-\-log=\fIlogfile\fP|-l=\fIlogfile\fP] [\fITOP_DIRECTORY\fP]
.PP
lcopy-refresh \-\-help|\-h

.SH DESCRIPTION
lcopy-refresh updates files under \fITOP_DIRECTORY\fP which is checked
out from a repository of version control systems(VCS) like
CVS. Generally in order to update files you must know which VCS was
used to check out them. In other hand lcopy-refresh guesses the type
of VCS system then it uses proper command to update the files.

lcopy-refresh can guess the following type of VCS from a given
directory:
.PP
* cvs
.PP
* git
.PP
* subversion(svn)
.PP
* arch
.PP
* mercurial(hg)
.PP
* darcs
.PP
* bzr
.PP
* monotone database(mtn)
.PP
* monotone local copy(mnt_lcopy)


.\" The idea behind lcopy-refresh is \fIsource code subscription\fP.

.BR
monotone is special. It seems that monotone does not provide the way
to check out a copy from a remote repository(database). Therefore
lcopy-refresh must update a local database from its parent remote
database.  Then lcopy-refresh updates a local copy from the local
data. lcopy-refresh guesses a file matching to a pattern *.mtn 
is a monotone database.

.SH KNOWN BUGS
lcopy-refresh assumes no password is needed to update a directory.
If input password interactively is needed to update, lcopy-refresh
may be hung.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Masatake YAMATO (yamato@redhat.com)

.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBlcopy-rebirth\fR(1), 
\fBcvs\fR(1), 
\fBgit\fR(1), 
\fBsvn\fR(1), 
\fBbaz\fR(1), 
\fBhg\fR(1), 
\fBdarcs\fR(1), 
\fBbzr\fR(1), 
\fBmtn\fR(1),
\fBcron\fR(1)

